README.md, before:

#  BFDEV Introduce

bfdev is a high-performance, aesthetically pleasing, and portable infrastructure provisioning library. Its goal is to provide a comprehensive and streamlined development environment.

![logo](docs/images/logo.png)

## Continuous Integration Status
| Status (master) | Status (devel)| Description|
|-------------|-------------|------------------|
|  [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | Build default config on Ubuntu gcc |
|  [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | Build default config on Ubuntu clang |
|  [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | Build default config on Macos |
|  [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | Code analyse on codeql |

## Why Choose

- The library provides common data structures, eliminating the need to reinvent the wheel.
- Supports dynamic checking of data structures.
- Designed with an object-oriented approach, providing compatibility with various project.
- Offers a rich and well-organized set of APIs for users.
- Conforms to the GNUC standard, ensuring strong cross-platform compatibility.

### WARNING
This project is not yet fully completed, so it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

## Directory Structure

```
.
├── arch
├── cmake
├── docs
├── examples
├── include
├── scripts
└── src
```

|   Directory   |  Description              |
|:-------------:|:-------------------------:|
| arch          | ISA related code          |
| cmake         | cmake configuration file  |
| docs          | doc for guiding           |
| exampes       | unit testing and case     |
| include       | include path              |
| scripts       | build scripts             |
| src           | core code path            |

## Reference Path

```mermaid
graph LR
    include[include]
    include/asm-generic[asm-generic]
    arch/asm[asm]
   	arch/asm-generated{exist}

    subgraph target[User Installation]
    	include/bfdev[bfdev]
    	include/bfdev/asm-generic[bfdev:asm-generic]
    	arch/bfdev/asm[bfdev:asm]
   		arch/bfdev/asm-generated{exist}
    end

    include --> arch/asm-generated
    arch/asm-generated --Y--> arch/asm
    arch/asm -.-> include/asm-generic
    arch/asm-generated --N--> include/asm-generic
    include/bfdev --> arch/bfdev/asm-generated
    arch/bfdev/asm-generated --Y--> arch/bfdev/asm
    arch/bfdev/asm-generated --N--> include/bfdev/asm-generic
    arch/bfdev/asm -.-> include/bfdev/asm-generic
   	include --> include/bfdev
   	arch/asm --> arch/bfdev/asm
   	include/asm-generic --> arch/bfdev/asm
```

## Documentation Tutorial

Quickly start, API manual, see [Bfdev Documentation Tutorial](https://bfdev.github.io/)

Commit message:

docs license: added agreement declaration
Signed-off-by: John Sanpe <sanpeqf@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# BFDEV Introduce

bfdev is a high-performance, aesthetically pleasing, and portable infrastructure provisioning library. Its goal is to provide a comprehensive and streamlined development environment.

![logo](docs/images/logo.png)

## Continuous Integration Status

|                       Status (master)                        |                        Status (devel)                        |             Description              |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------: |
| [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-gcc.yml?query=branch%3Amain) |  Build default config on Ubuntu gcc  |
| [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/ubuntu-clang.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | Build default config on Ubuntu clang |
| [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/macos.yml?query=branch%3Amain) |    Build default config on Macos     |
| [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml?query=branch%3Amain) | [![build status](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel)](https://github.com/openbfdev/bfdev/actions/workflows/codeql.yml?query=branch%3Amain) |        Code analyse on codeql        |

## Why Choose

- The library provides common data structures, eliminating the need to reinvent the wheel.
- Supports dynamic checking of data structures.
- Designed with an object-oriented approach, providing compatibility with various project.
- Offers a rich and well-organized set of APIs for users.
- Conforms to the GNUC standard, ensuring strong cross-platform compatibility.

### WARNING

This project is not yet fully completed, so it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

## Directory Structure

```
.
├── arch
├── cmake
├── docs
├── examples
├── include
├── scripts
└── src
```

| Directory |       Description        |
| :-------: | :----------------------: |
|   arch    |     ISA related code     |
|   cmake   | cmake configuration file |
|   docs    |     doc for guiding      |
|  exampes  |  unit testing and case   |
|  include  |       include path       |
|  scripts  |      build scripts       |
|    src    |      core code path      |

## Reference Path

```mermaid
graph LR
    include[include]
    include/asm-generic[asm-generic]
    arch/asm[asm]
   	arch/asm-generated{exist}

    subgraph target[User Installation]
    	include/bfdev[bfdev]
    	include/bfdev/asm-generic[bfdev:asm-generic]
    	arch/bfdev/asm[bfdev:asm]
   		arch/bfdev/asm-generated{exist}
    end

    include --> arch/asm-generated
    arch/asm-generated --Y--> arch/asm
    arch/asm -.-> include/asm-generic
    arch/asm-generated --N--> include/asm-generic
    include/bfdev --> arch/bfdev/asm-generated
    arch/bfdev/asm-generated --Y--> arch/bfdev/asm
    arch/bfdev/asm-generated --N--> include/bfdev/asm-generic
    arch/bfdev/asm -.-> include/bfdev/asm-generic
   	include --> include/bfdev
   	arch/asm --> arch/bfdev/asm
   	include/asm-generic --> arch/bfdev/asm
```

## Documentation Tutorial

Quickly start, API manual, see [Bfdev Documentation Tutorial](https://bfdev.github.io/)

## License

This is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the latest GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
